Convene: Thursday, November 19 2020 6:00pm (BST)

Attendees: Spyros Gasteratos Haral Tsitsivas Zoe Braiterman Didar Gelici 

Agenda: 2021 Targets (Didar), Budget (spyros), Merch (Andrew)

Notes: Didar: Developer Outreach, get OWASP members reaching out to Devs in their dayjobs, Sam: We try to have presence in several Dev related conferences Haral: we had events with posters and swag, get a local company person to support an owasp event Zoe: Snakes and ladders or cornucopia Sam: did a lunch and learn for a couple companies in the past Didar: what about using OWASP members to promote owasp in their dayjobs? Perhaps we can put together a basic owasp presentation package Zoe: official or semi-official badge system Spyros: Sam has some nice stickers "I am an owasp member" for the london chapter we could do the same with "i am an owasp ...." with different things Andrew: we have an owasp rewards programme in the pipeline, also an owasp pins and an owasp store. The committee could run this Sam: Could we use amazon Andrew: been looking at others but if you find anything please bring it forward. ... discussion about masks.... suggestion about sending masks to leaders or people who voted Andrew: probable we should send swag to people who attented the conferences. Spyros: Didar would you like to lead the stickers or pins project? Didar: I'll flesh out the idea first.

Sam: We're organizing a UK wide ctf, can we have eshop vouchers for virtual events? Andrew: yes but talk to staff for confirmation . . . . tbc can't type fast enough :-(

Didar has fleshed out the OWASP ambassador idea, she suggested we create some OWASP badges in badgr or other online service and award them to people who have demonstratably promoted owasp within their organisation.

TODO:
Spyros: Finish Budget until 23rd.
Didar, Spyros :  talk to Sam (london chapter lead) to promote the owasp ambassador badges idea.
Spyros: to add ambassador action to Asana and invite Didar. track ambassador poc tasks there
@committe (Didar) : send an email to Alona asking for the OWASP social media strategy so we can be in sync
@committe to setup a meeting with Alona in a month to discuss social media strategy

@Andrew and committee draft a new approach to marketing!

@Sam , @Haral to look into US and EU practices around merch for non-profits
@Zoe to handle comms for the January training on K8s sec.
