Thursday, April 16 2020
7:30pm (GMT)

Convene:
Thursday, April 16 2020
7:30pm GMT

Attendees:
* Zoe Braiterman
* Spyros Gasteratos
* Antonis Manaras
* Azzedine Ramrami
* Haral Tsitsivas
* Jon McCoy
* Grant Ongers


Agenda:
* Create/Standardize Outreach Package (suggested budget, suggested swag & artwork collection)... Perhaps suggest OWASP masks as swag?
* Confirm that the DefCon table has been requested (10x10 table size), and that the OWASP Staff and Board are on the same page with us on that 
Digital outreach ideas
* Decide on Outreach Committee logo, which we can add to our OWASP.org email signatures:  https://owasp.org/assets/images/web/404-old-owasp.png
* Confirm Committee “Officer” roles and who shall fill them. 
* Note that Harold has created a new Outreach Committee mailing list ( outreach@owasp.org ). Decide which of us should request “owner” access. 


Notes:

* Adapting outreach to nonphysical world
* Post a link to community conferences that support OWASP in some way (central OWASP page, outreach committee page, etc.) … discuss with Board
Massive list of upcoming virtual OWASP events from various chapters (reach out to Leaders list to find which ones will take place) to share with newbies (Spyros)

* Invite globally known OWASP speakers to present at virtual events vendors (example: https://inevent.com/en/virtual-online-streaming-events-room-events-innovative.php ), and there can still be 10-12 sponsors to cover vendors …  * Curate a list (Haral)

Blog posts
*  London hosting of secure the flag event … Talk to remediate the flag (Grant)
* Local hacker and maker communities making swag masks and hand sanitizer
* We have a call next week with staff and Board to discuss DefCon table plans
* Tightly sync with staff point of contact (Lisa, Emily, etc.) on OWASP DefCon table… (Jon, he’ll loop in Spyros)
* Art - sync (Zoe, syncing in Spyros)
* Discuss potential OWASP DefCon 
Diversity scholarships … include for virtual conferencing … Keep those managed by Outreach Committee… Voted by Committee, approved upon vote (Zoe will sync back with staff and Board on this)
* Monthly Outreach Committee calls, moving forward:  3rd Thursday of the month at  GMT



Chat Log:


Zoe Braiterman3:32 PM
https://owasp.org/assets/images/web/404-old-owasp.png

Zoe Braiterman3:37 PM
https://github.com/OWASP/www-committee-outreach

Zoe Braiterman4:03 PM
https://owasp.org/www-community/social/chapters_all_day/

Azzeddine Ramrami4:06 PM
Pne idea is to setup a Sketch for Untderstanding. It is an interaction with leaders, attendees like natural interaction a physical event. During virtual event attendees feels completely natural
Develop what I can iLabs (Remote Labs) for Hands-on OWASP training

Azzeddine Ramrami4:10 PM
One idea not Pne idea

Zoe Braiterman4:13 PM
outreach@owasp.org 

Antonis Manaras4:26 PM
https://inevent.com/en/virtual-online-streaming-events-room-events-innovative.php

Azzeddine Ramrami4:33 PM
Thanks for this nice meeting. I need to leave now. 


Adjourn:
Thursday, April 16 2020
8:46pm BST


Next Meeting:
Thursday, May 21 2020
2:30pm (GMT)
