Convene: Thursday, October 15 2020 6:00pm (BST)

Attendees: Spyros Gasteratos Haral Tsitsivas Zoe Braiterman Didar Gelici Sam Stepanyan

Agenda: 2021 Targets (Didar), Budget (spyros), New K8s training (Zoe), Merch (Andrew) 

Notes: 
Didar: Developer Outreach, get OWASP members reaching out to Devs in their dayjobs, 
Sam: We try to have presence in several Dev related conferences
Haral: we had events with posters and swag, get a local company person to support an owasp event
Zoe: Snakes and ladders or cornucopia
Sam: did a lunch and learn for a couple companies in the past
Didar: what about using OWASP members to promote owasp in their dayjobs? Perhaps we can put together a basic owasp presentation package
Zoe: official or semi-official badge system
Spyros: Sam has some nice stickers "I am an owasp member" for the london chapter we could do the same with "i am an owasp ...." with different things
Andrew: we have an owasp rewards programme in the pipeline, also an owasp pins and an owasp store. The committee could run this
Sam: Could we use amazon
Andrew: been looking at others but if you find anything please bring it forward.
... discussion about masks....
suggestion about sending masks to leaders or people who voted
Andrew: probable we should send swag to people who attented the conferences.
Spyros: Didar would you like to lead the stickers or pins project?
Didar: I'll flesh out the idea first.

Sam: We're organizing a UK wide ctf, can we have eshop vouchers for virtual events?
Andrew: yes but talk to staff for confirmation
.
.
.
.
tbc can't type fast enough :-( 


TODO: 
* Didar to flesh out the developer outreach proposal and we will discuss in the next meeting.
* Spyros to invite Didar to the next meeting
* Spyros to contact Vandana to ask her if there's anything she's missing (Andrew volunteered to help)
* @committe to setup a meeting with Alona in a month to discuss social media strategy
* @Andrew and committee draft a new approach to marketing! 
* @zoe to follow up with Abhay about the free training and Emily about the next Appsec event. tentative date is around Dec 20th, @spyros to help
* @Andrew to get the committee in touch with Linux foundation about merch
* @Sam , @Haral to look into US and EU practices around merch for non-profits


Adjourn: Thursday, October 15 2020 6:57pm (BST)

Next Meeting: Thursday, November 15 2020 6:00pm (BST)

