Convene:
Thursday, August 20 2020
6:00pm (Eastern USA)


Attendees:
Spyros Gasteratos
Haral Tsitsivas
Sam Stepanyan
Bjoern Kimminich
Andrew van der Stock
Zoe Braiterman


Agenda:
Donations Policy Update (discuss how we may be able to revisit diversity sponsorships, which haven’t been possible in the past due to the past donation policy):  https://owasp.org/www-policy/operational/donations
Revisit career corner. Aastha Sahni might also be available as a resume reviewer. 

Notes:
Bjoern’s August AppSec Days newbie training will take place on August 25th, at 8am - 12pm (PST)
Vandana’s free newbie training for Global AppSec San Francisco
Another Global AppSec San Francisco newbie training by Bjoern Kimminich, as well
YouTube videos idea (from Andrew’s email)... See if Nancy Gariche will lead this (she’s suggested that we revisit in early September)
Andrew mentioned the possibility of a Grants Committee
Andrew: committees should be more involved in day to day ops of the foundation. We need to get to a place where grants expenses, etc. are simpler. Grants committee proposal
spyros: could we use unrestricted gifts as restricted gifts?
andrew: yes there is some solutions to this, either we use some automation to provide this information to the gifter or we provide a statement.
Sam: can we please get an aws exercise environment for juice shop?
Bjoern: it can be temporary
Andrew: owasp is vendor neutral, so Bjoern work with Harold to get a platform for anything you need and let's get it up.
<technical discussion on how to do this>
<discussion based on details on this>
andrew: we should offer more free trainings in a more organized fashion based on the amount of participation requests your training received.
andrew: we should space these trainings in different timezones
spyros: should we support other not for profits with security?
andrew: yes this is why we joined the security linux foundation .
bjoern: what about life based not for profits (greenpeace etc)
andrew: good idea, hackers for charity perhaps can help, i'm open to accepting non-profits as a 0 dollar member…. <discussion on how to do this>
andrew: i would like you to do some outreach with stack exchange, how to reach out to devs to check in with stack exchange and provide security related answers.
sam/Zoe: Avi is the stack exchange relevant person
Haral: +1
spyros: SKF can do this
Andrew to reach out to Avi
Zoe is dealing with Vandana’s training in next appsec, things are moving well there
Andrew: how can committees inject into the programming outside of cft/cfp
discussion on swag
andrew: we can use a dropship service
spyros : and we can use our existing designers
bjoern: github owasp swag repo and we use a similar service for juice shop
discussion and feedback on stickers and swag
Sam: youtube channel, there's a channel hierarchy we can have
Andrew: we should move youtube function towards the community
bjoern: could be something like meetup
discussion on owasp social media things and who publishes what
andrew: event strategy coming up on september
we need to improve social media marketing
discussion on events and possibility for physical events before 2022
zoe: zoom access
andrew: we have multiple zoom accounts, talk to harold you can use it, just plan it in advance so everyone has a fair chance of access



Chat Log:


@sam: so should we comment on the grants policy?
andrew: yes!  link: https://meet.google.com/linkredirect?authuser=1&dest=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FOWASP%2Fwww-policy%2Ftree%2Ffunding-ng%2Foperational 

@spyros: any info you can give me for helping in the training lmk
bjoern: https://meet.google.com/linkredirect?authuser=1&dest=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fbkimminich%2Fit-security-lecture%2Ftree%2Fworkshop 

@Andrew:
https://github.com/OWASP/www-policy/tree/funding-ng/operational 

@Bjoern:  FYI, training will use https://github.com/iteratec/multi-juicer hosted by iteratec
https://github.com/bkimminich/it-security-lecture/tree/workshop

@Andrew:  Emily Berman  11:27
I am waiting for them to share their roster, I asked for it via slack yesterday 

@Spyros:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sdJT_3nWy6zLxSwA69CZkk20dIvZMmNHbASKd8xzDRs/edit?ts=5f32d832

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/135h94MA1qPBlJ__-Bxl9sYkXDfgsvDjjNiyh3J2ifrc/edit#gid=0

@Bjoern:   https://stackoverflow.com/users/10080/avid ... 12000 Reputation, wow!

Andrew van der Stock1:49 PM
https://www.spreadshop.com/

Spyros G1:51 PM
yesh!

Bjoern Kimminich1:51 PM
99designs.com
https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-swag

Haral Tsitsivas1:57 PM
I have a hard stop in 3 minutes

Spyros G1:57 PM
is there any action coming out of this?

Bjoern Kimminich1:58 PM
https://stickermule.com
(Ship from US or Italy)



Adjourn:
Thursday, August 20 2020
7:17pm (BST)

Next Meeting:
Thursday, September 17 2020
6:00pm (BST)
