Thursday, June 18 2020
8:30pm (BST)

Convene:
Thursday, June 18 2020
8:30pm (BST)

Attendees:
Spyros Gasteratos
Zoe Braiterman
Haral Tsitsivas
Sam Stepanyan
Grant Ongers
Azzeddine Ramrami



Agenda:

Decisions on trainers (Vandana, Bjorn, Simon, Grant, any others?) for 2 hour diversity trainings during August AppSec Days, Global AppSecand virtual DefCon
Newbie and career corner(s) updates ( Zoe, Haral, Haral’s RaisMe contacts )
Anything specific asks required from Board and/or staff?
Swag design: we have paid the designer and we're going ahead with some designs including a mask one! … We’ve paid only half (ref Mike’s latest email)?
Eshop : this is trickier but the board and staff are aware of this and there is some work being done to reach this goal.
Spyros had an item a while ago to automate aggregation of owasp events from meetup to the owasp calendar, this is far trickier than i thought as google's calendar api doesn't support iCAL import. It needs to be a manual process or parsing individual events and copying them over. which is a bit of an annoyance 
@Sam: reminder for the list of dev events you'd like us to be involved in 
You already know this but reiterating for visibility: AppSec village CFP is open 


Notes:

1-2 newbie workshops during 2 upcoming cons (1 for July and 1 for August) … Vandana, Bjorn (and find TAs)  ….Spyros will send email to staff / Board tonight … Grant heard back from Emily … we’re confirmed for 1 training for end of summer, 1 at Global AppSec
Confirm max number seats per training ( ? ) … and how to select / manage attendance
Registration Form … Post via WIA, DIA and London Lady Hackers (and post to WIA meetup, etc.)
Zoom max = 200 people
Get someone to host Q/A
Career corner … Haral syncing with Lori from RaisMe about some folks who may be able to help
How to introduce OWASP as a community to newbies … We could ref the project integration … We could add it to our GitHub repo
***New monthly meeting time … 6pm BST (still 3rd Thursday of each month)


Chat Log:

@Haral Tsitsivas
Hello

@Spyros Gasterados
Hey Grant

@Grant Ongers:
Hey Spyros!  Hey everyone.
Just listening here… don’t want to get in the way.


Adjourn:
Thursday, June 18 2020
9:30pm (BST)


Next Meeting:
Thursday, July 16 2020
6:00pm (BST)
