Convene:
Wednesday, May 19 2021, 6:00pm (BST)

Attendees: Spyros Gasteratos, Azzeddine Ramrani, Zoe Braiterman, Andrew van der Stock

Agenda: 
Spyros: Can we raise awards and scholarships for owasp events?

Discussion:
Andrew: Yes, read the awards and scholarships policy, next in person events: Lascon in september, dublin in june and maybe appsec cali in january

Action: Sending people to Lascon, might be a stretch, let's aim for Dublin

* Zoe, Azzeddine to review the partnerships policy
* Spyros to amend partnerships policy to clear that events should be open to multiple vendors but that doesn't mean that an event cannot have a  single vendor.
* Spyros to forward youtube email thread to Sam
* Spyros to create promotional OWASP package in the outreach committee page. Add note about local printing/sourcing for large ammounts of swag
* Spyros, Azzeddine, Zoe to look for Sponsors for Scholarships for Dublin next year. Azzeddine has some contacts in security vendors. - We can start working on this starting Autumn 2021
Preference -- Locals

Actions From last time: 
* Spyros to merge the spreadsheet and the policy  -- Done
* Committee to think about ZapCon corner case -- could be solved with the ability to have multiple sponsors -- Done

* Andrew to put Sam in contact with Harold so they can sort out leaders access to youtube. -- Done 
* Andrew to talk to Nancy about extending the social media policy to more platforms than Twitter. 
