Convene:
Wednesday, July 14 2021, 6:00pm (BST)

Attendees: Spyros Gasteratos Haral Tsitsivas, Andrew van der Stock, Haral Tsitsivas, Sam Stepanyan, Alona Stock, Dawn

Agenda: OWASP At Defcon 2022, Staf Changes, Eshop

Notes: 
Diversity scholarships Can we send students to defcon?
Dawn: Itâ€™s not an OWASP event, there will be some tax issues and we need to figure things out. 
Cost for OWASP to be in deacon: 15k , 1500 for the table and the rest for other relevant costs
* Spyros to send over a call for donations to cover parts of defcon
* Dawn to send a budget spreadsheet before it gets send to board for approval
	
Eshop: 
There isn't a lot of artwork or other items in Zazzle.
Spyros to find out how to add things to zazzle and tell leaders
Spyros to find out how to remove or aggregate other "OWASP" things from Zazzle if board agrees.
OWASP Staff to link Zazzle to OWASP youtube videos.
Staff to create an eshop subdomain.

Youtube channel isn't well promoted. How do we fix this?
Promote owasp youtube videos per region(?)

Committee needs more people to help promoting.

Youtube channel needs to have more chapter channels promoted, we only have 12. Jonathan Marcyl had a script to do this, ask him for it.
Nancy has access to youtube channel.
