Convene:
Wednesday, December 17 2020, 6:00pm (BST)

Attendees: Spyros Gasteratos Haral Tsitsivas Didar Gelici Zoe Braiterman Andrew van der Stock

Agenda: 
  1. We don't have an "OWASP promotional package" , permission to create a section in the committee repo with links pointing to:
      * up to date slides on what is owasp and the flagship projects
      * up to date swag designs
      * any relevant info on how and where to use it including links to possible events
      * target audience: anyone who wants to promote owasp
2. Wrote some thoughts on the Partnerships policy, shared it with the committee members, let's discuss what we need from it and what are the limits we would like to set.
3. Defcon is also live this year, do we want to participate?
4. OWASP partnerships policy
5. (Sam) Do have control over OWASPGLOBAL YouTube channel now?  Many Chapter channels are missing from the Featured Chapter Channels and are asking to be added to: https://www.youtube.com/c/OWASPGLOBAL/channels?view=49&shelf_id=8

Discussion on OWASP partnerships history
* Andrew shared a this [spreadsheet|https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12WXnbgCLqAWqAiLmgV6x-T8U8v7U0njpVmVG0W_1_Rs/edit?usp=sharing] with criteria on partnerships
  @spyros TODO: merge with policy draft 
  Discussion on question modifications to cover corner cases
  It needs to be heavily Application Security focused and benefit our community first.
* Andrew invited us to the next board meeting to aprove the charter.

Promotional Package:
* discussion on implementation details
* Questions about ethical sourcing of swag from dropshiping service (modern slavery policy, climate impact)

Defcon is live, do we want to be there? :
Unanimous No

Youtube:
Seems we do have access to the youtube channel.


Actions: 
* Spyros to merge the spreadsheet and the policy
* Committee to think about ZapCon corner case -- could be solved with the ability to have multiple sponsors
* Spyros to create promotional OWASP package in the outreach committee page. Add note about local printing/sourcing for large ammounts of swag
* Andrew to put Sam in contact with Harold so they can sort out leaders access to youtube.
* Andrew to talk to Nancy about extending the social media policy to more platforms than Twitter. 
