# Outreach Committee First meeting 02/03/2020

Present: **Jon, Zoe, Antonis, Spyros,**
Absent: **Azzeddine, Haral, Mart√≠n Villalba**
Minutes by: **Spyros**

##(Very Rough) Minutes:

Spyros: What do you imagine this committee doing?

Zoe: trying to reach devs and bringing defcon to other areas. better welcome different people coming from different backgrounds. e.g. getting involved with local bsides confs. Also, involving the next generation.

Jon:  Facilitating the next cycle of defcon table, try and do community outreach, keep momentum, create a hacker outreach table at appsec usa.

Antonis: Mainly but not necessarily, owasp tables at confs and events aimed at devs or not sec professionals.

Jon: pushing inside of owasp diversity scholarships and keeping momentum going on that.

Antonis: i used to run the student chapter project, this committee could help facilitate student chapter formation.
Zoe: I agree, we also discussed it with WIA, having something global on how to reach out to unis and find out what value we can add.

Spyros: Let's automate the outreach process so we can focus on outreach and not on organizing tables.


Spyros: we can start organizing on github, i can create a basic github page and we can start working from there

Zoe, Antonis, Jon:  sounds good.

Spyros: should i attach budgets?
Jon: it would be good to attach historical budgets


Spyros: Does anyone have time to do a roamap?
Zoe: happy to do it!

zoe: do you see any issues or conflict with wia, Dia or other comittees?
Spyros: we're trying to help everyone i don't see an issue
Antonis: we could be a superset, and use them to direct actions through them.
Zoe: I agree
Jon: would you be interested in Meeting with Dia?
Zoe: +1
Jon: setup maybe a separate meeting so we don't use the time of their main meeting?
Antonis: is there another group maybe?
Zoe: this is the only ones i've seen
Jon: Zoe can you talk with them and let them know we're interested in collaborating?
Zoe: sounds good

Jon: we should figure out how to approach the board and get funding and stuff
Zoe: Van and Grant seem likely initial points of contact.

Antonis: wanna have a hacker outreach table at owasp dublin?
Spyros: wanna organize?
Antonis: can you add who to contact to the wiki?


Actions:
**@spyros**: create repo structure and put info from trello
**@zoe**: start on a roadmap
**@antonis**: find out how to setup a hacker outreach table at appsec dublin
**@spyros**: publish meetings, create public mailing list for the committee :-)
